Epigenetic silencing mediated by hyper-methylation in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and cholangiocarcinoma (CCA). This project started in early 2018 and collabrate with Dr. Schrodi and Dr. Wang. Based on TCGA dataset, I identified the most signficant top 200 hypemethylated regions for ESCC and CCA. Together with other data such as genome-wide TFBS assay (ChIP-seq), eQTL assay and RNA-seq result in esophagus and bile duct from GTEx database, we identify the most important 50 functional abornal methylation regions. Currently, Dr. Wang have completed the methylation validation in Chinese Population. Dr. Schrodi and I will integrate corresponding GWAS study to investigate the interaction between genetics and epigenetics in the pathology of ESCC and CCA. Actually, in ESCC project, we have already found some interesting result. 

I plan to extend this research to autoimmune diseases since inflammation generates cell death and the corresponding DNA methylation signals are hypothesized to be released into blood and therefore can be taken as useful and novel signals for the diagnosis of these autoimmune diseases. 




Translational biomedical informatics and the design of novel information systems; data science or predictive machine learning; decision support; natural language processing; or bioinformatics.

Cost-effectiveness of prevention and treatment strategies
Computerized Provider Order Entry (CPOE) and Clinical Decision Support (CDS)
applying discoveries generated during research in the laboratory, and in preclinical studies, to the development of trials and studies in humans. 
advanced translational research informatics(TRI) system will significant decrease the research cost and increase the research efficiency


Genetic and Epigenetic-based Pharmacogenomics and Race Disparity. Precision medicine requires that we provide effective, safe medications and accurate doses that tailored to each patients. Comprehensive intergration of genetic and epigenetic information will allow effective preventative care, improve safety (reduce adverse drug reactions), efficiency (only treat patients with medicines that work on them) and effectiveness (more accurate diagnoses, better matching of treatment to disease) of the healthcare system and has potential for reduced per capital costs and a dramatically improved patient and provider healthcare experience. Genetic variants have been applied to drug development and dose determination for quite long times and large number of successful application have been built and I believe more and more such precision medications will be identified for high efficiency and low adverse effect. However, we also notice that the genetic biomarker for the precision medication is actually still very limited which indicating we can try to identify certain epigenetic biomarkers, such as DNA methylation biomarker, to increase the accuracy of the drug selection for precision medicine. MCRI is a perfect research center to conduct pharmacogenomics and pharmaco-epigenomics since we have quite long electrical medical records and corresponding DNA samples. Meanwhile, race and ethnicity can contribute to interindividual differences in drug exposure and/or response, which may alter risk-benefit in certain populations. Approximately 20% of new developed drugs approved by FDA in the past 6 years demonstrated differences in response across different ethnic groups. I have certain advantage in this field since I have several Chinese collaborators who could conduct the parallele research and provide the result from Han Chinese population which currently is the largest population in the world. Therefore, In this project, I will collaborate together with Dr. Brilliant, Dr. Leary, Dr. Schoott and Dr. Schrodi and make contribution to pharmacogenomics certificate program in MRCI. 